Release notes 7.7 (#447)
NethServer/docs: administrator-manual/en/release_notes.rst

  available from YUM repositories

* OpenSSH configuration was removed from TLS policy settings and reverted to
  upstream defaults.

* Starting with the new Server Manager based on Cockpit, the Mail module
  feature :guilabel:`Shared mailboxes` has been renamed to :guilabel:`Public
  mailboxes`.

* The `Junk` public mailbox is created during the Mail module installation,
  granting IMAP access to the root user; further permissions can be added from the
  new Server Manager Email application or with an IMAP/ACL client, like Roundcube.

* Only users with enabled shell can access the new Server Manager.
  From the old Server Manager, go to the :guilabel:`Users and groups` page and enable
  the :guilabel:`Remote shell (SSH)` option for the selected user.
  From the new Server Manager, go to the :guilabel:`Users and groups` page and enable
  the :guilabel:`Shell` option for the selected user.

* Official ClamAV antivirus signatures are disabled by default.

* The web interface for selective restore has been removed from the old Server Manager.
  A new one is available inside Cockpit, see :ref:`selective_restore-section`.

> * As default, the disk usage analyzer (duc) will skip directories on different

Reviewer: directories outside the root filesystem?

> * As default, the disk usage analyzer (duc) will skip directories on different

Author: ```suggestion
* As default, the disk usage analyzer (duc) scans the root file system contents. Other mount points are ignored.
```

>   file systems.

Author: ```suggestion
```
